Book
Money
Iphone
Gift Card
Career
A new Car
Travel
Clothes
BMW
Xbox
A new House
A NEW Television
Mercedes Benz Car
Laptop
Gift
Coffe mashine
Wireless earplug
Smart speakers
Flower
robomb
Intelligent Watch
GOLD
Hope the stars
Get the moon
Big  meal
World peace
Marry
Party
Have health body
My family and the people around me to be fine.
I wish and you can later every good time together
A wish for a truly merry Christmas and may the joy of Christmas linger in your heart all the year
Wish you in this year's Christmas, every desire can realize
Hope all your Christmas dreams come true
I wish my favorite people health, and every Christmas can be a happy heart
 Learn to swim 
Learn to dive 
Take a plane 
Learn to make cake and bread 
Learn to pull coffee flowers (simple) 
Be a volunteer (preferably go to NGO experience). 
Be a manager 
 Start a business 
 Go to space once and see my planet. 
 Deep-sea diving, make a big fish. 
 Skydiving 
 Bungee jumping 
 Meditation 
 Standing upside down 
 Marathon 
 When a doctor 
 Speech 
 Dream back to the Tang Dynasty in an antique costume. Do a white-faced scholar (shooting a set of antique art photos). 
 Write a martial arts novel 
 Write an urban novel 
 Write a novel that can be painted as a cartoon. 
 Write a well-known book 
 All three years, once 
1 years to say "thanksgiving" for everything, once 
 Climb several famous mountains in China (at least 20). And on top of one of the hills, you can see the sunrise and the sea of clouds. 
 Take a vacation on the beach with your loved ones 
 Go to the prairie and roll hard in the wind-driven prairie waves. 
 Raise a Golden Hair 
 Raise a Cat 
 Go to Antarctica 
 Go to the Arctic 
 Collect 100 historic ancient residences. 
 Go to the world's major museums once 
 Have 8 abdominal muscles once. Before the age of 
 he was familiar with the contents of 200 books. (equivalent to 2000-6000) 
 Domestic Backpack Travel 2-3 years 
 Write good handwriting (middle-level calligraphy) 
 Go to Finland to see snow, drink beer, steam sauna 
 Go to Heidelberg University in Germany to study 
 Can speak at least eight languages. (Ancient Chinese, English, German, Greek, Latin, Hebrew, Spanish, Hindi, Sanskrit, Tibetan) 
 If I met the right person before I was old, I would try to form a family. If I was destined to be lonely in my life, I would consider adopting a child. Choose one or two to finish. 
 Settlement in Italy for 1-2 years 
 Experience skiing in the Alps once 
 Learn to drive private civilian helicopters. 
 Learn Chinese food 
 Learn West Point 
 Learn investment and finance 
 Play several tunes on the piano 
 Go to the (world famous) opera house and listen to a Canon 
 Walk along the Rhine River 
 Set up a company for the disabled with 80% - 90% of the disabled to serve the society and the welfare workers at home. The scientific research management company does not aim at making money. 54. Take a look at the stars in the most beautiful place. (Antarctica, Arctic, Space, Desert, etc.) 
 Western etiquette learning 
 Chinese classical etiquette learning 
 Can at least one simple dance 
 Learn to ride 
 Have a house-sized library 
 Study yoga in India 
 Travel with parents 
 Be an adult 
 Cultivate an elegant and exquisite attitude towards life 
 Open a memorial service for your own death 
Learn Chinese medicine for health preservation, and strive for 80 years old, you can still jump 
 Repeat on Mount Wudang for 3-5 years, 
 Climb Mount Qomolangma and kiss it 
 Go to the valley of the dead volcano once 
 Practice inner strength (wonder if the world has inner strength, if there is really one for health preservation and medicine) 
 Learn authentic Taiji 
 Find a place to plant a tree, and let life continue in the tree (I will not bury, ashes after death). 
 If I die, what I have learned from this great soil in my lifetime will feed back on it. 
 As my life draws to a close, I will look for a small place to stand by the mountains and rivers. Then, like Mr. Tao Lao, he learns to "gather Chrysanthemum under the East fence and see Nanshan leisurely." 
 Experience a can of herring and five divine waters. It is said that there will be a feeling that your soul will break through the spiritual cap. From then on, there will be no barrier that can not be overcome in life. 
 Participate in WWOOF, go to farms/pastures all over the world, learn and experience exotic pastoral planting and animal husbandry life. 
 Write a collection of modern poems on ancient Chinese poems 
 Premarital sex is prohibited 
 Kiss a dolphin once. 
 Open a vegetarian restaurant 
 Pay attention to the mental health problems of people aged 10-23, and do what you can. 
 Study the brilliant Chinese literature such as Confucianism, Buddhism, Taoism and the Book of Changes 
 Study other sacred, magical human history and other interesting knowledge and culture abroad. 
 Change at least one person's life with the action of one's wish list. 
 Establish an organic non-genetically modified farm or villa.